IBX-6264: Clarify what hidden state is (#2091)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/content_management/locations.md

!!! caution "Visibility and permissions"

>     The visibility flag is a convenient feature for withdrawing content from the frontend. It acts as a simple filter in the default frontend templates.

Author: ```suggestion
    The visibility flag is a convenient feature for withdrawing content from the frontend. It acts as a filter in the frontend by default, but in your code you can choose to respect it or ignore it.
```
@MagdalenaZuba New proposal. Uses "you", makes it clear we're talking about development, not end-user actions, and doesn't specifically mention templates, as the code can be wherever.

Reviewer: > @MagdalenaZuba New proposal. Uses "you", makes it clear we're talking about development, not end-user actions, and doesn't specifically mention templates, as the code can be wherever.

```suggestion
    The visibility flag is a convenient feature for withdrawing content from the frontend. It acts as a filter in the frontend by default. You can choose to respect it or ignore it in your code .
```

Author: Thanks, that's better!

>     The visibility flag is a convenience feature for withdrawing content from the frontend. It acts as a simple filter in the default frontend templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The visibility flag is a convenient feature for withdrawing content from the frontend. It acts as a simple filter in the default frontend templates.
```
